Don't be afraid.
Tell me what you wish for, I can make it come true for you.
Really?
Of course.
She doesn't know.
I have been an orphan since I was a child.
No parents
Actually, my biggest wish is to make my own money.
Orphan, I get it.
What do you understand?
I want money.
Don't get me wrong.
Everyone heard it.
He said he was an orphan.
I helped him meet his parents again.
I believe he will be pleased.
He did not object anyway.
Your turn, it's not easy.
In the Devil's sect dare to fight me.
It is impossible to judge for yourself.
Just wait and see.
The first time I saw him.
like you
I don't know if you want to marry me.
You can not promise him.
Now I have a competitor.
What good is Master, Pham Hien?
Turns out you like this kind.
Young man, you are a good person.
Turns out it's a good guy card.
See?
I am a good person.
I am the true leader of the Demonic Cult.
Timing
The directors also almost brought people.
Because of the directors' blow
I mean enough.
I didn't expect him to come back.
I can find Master Guo.
What are you talking about?
What Master Guo, don't look for it anymore.
If I can't find Master Guo, I don't intend to live anymore.
Take life for money
Colonel, he wants to commit suicide.
Please don't believe me, this is a real demon professor.
Just wait to die with the devil's sect ha ha ha
Alive, we are all fooled.